MintLab Project Directory

This repository is a directory of the projects that MintLab works on.

To learn more, visit our documentation at MintLab.

Rust Programs

MintLab Program Library - GitHub

A collection of all the Solana programs that MintLab actively maintains. Each program is published to [https://mintlab.alishop.my.id/].

SDKs

These high-level SDKs make it easy to interact with our programs.

JavaScript SDK - GitHub / NPM

Our JS SDK is a high-level SDK for interacting with our programs and is built on top of our autogenerated libraries. It is currently in active development.

iOS SDK - GitHub

Our new iOS SDK is built from scratch in Swift to provide a smooth experience for interacting with NFTs. It uses a similar interface to our JS SDK.

Android SDK - GitHub

Our Android SDK was implemented from scratch in native Kotlin and is being developed in parallel with our iOS SDK. Like the iOS SDK, it also features a similar interface to our JS SDK.

Autogenerated Libraries

The following libraries were autogenerated by Solita. A link to each Rust crate on Crates.io is also provided for convenience.

MPL Token Metadata - GitHub / NPM 

The MPL Token Metadata program allows SPL tokens to add metadata and is one of the most important programs when dealing with NFTs on the Solana blockchain.

MPL Auction House - GitHub / NPM / Metaboss

The MPL Auction House program is a protocol for marketplaces to implement a decentralized sales contract. It allows for escrowless sales where the NFT doesn’t leave the seller’s wallet until the sale is complete.

MPL Candy Machine - GitHub / NPM

The MPL Candy Machine program enables creators to easily and safely launch NFT collections without worrying about the rent overhead from minting NFTs themselves.

Tools

Sugar, the Candy Machine CLI - GitHub

Sugar is our new Candy Machine CLI, built in Rust. It is incredibly fast and easy to use.

Shank - GitHub

Shank is a tool that generates IDLs from native Solana programs.

Solita - GitHub

Solita (SOLana Idl To Api) converts IDLs generated by Shank into JavaScript SDKs.

Amman - GitHub

Amman, along with the Amman Explorer, is a set of testing tools that make it easy to test Solana programs locally and see deserialized states change in real-time on the explorer.

UIs

Candy Machine UI - GitHub

A reference minting UI for Candy Machine projects.

Showcase - GitHub

The Showcase UI allows users to display all their purchased NFTs in a public profile.

Token Entangler UI - GitHub

The Token Entangler UI aims to help de-rug projects.

Deprecated

The following repositories are no longer maintained by MintLab.

Storefront - GitHub

The deprecated MintLab Storefront frontend for self-hosted NFT marketplaces.

